Preserve `body` on request object passed to `willSendRequest`; fix `string` and `Buffer` body handling (#89)
apollographql/datasource-rest: .changeset/tidy-spoons-nail.md

---
'@apollo/datasource-rest': patch
---

`string` and `Buffer` bodies are now correctly included on the outgoing request.

> Due to a regression in v4, they were ignored and never appended to the `body`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to a regression in v4, they were ignored and never sent as the `body`.
```

maybe? nothing is really being appended
